---
title: "MaxMind Speaking at MRC. March 24, 2015 – Mark Your Calendar!"
date: "2015-02-20"
categories:
  - "online-fraud-prevention"
tags:
  - "ecommerce"
  - "ecommerce-company"
  - "ecommerce-payment"
  - "ecommerce-payments-and-risk-conference"
  - "fraud-professional"
  - "ip-intelligence"
  - "manual-review-process"
  - "maxmind"
  - "merchant-risk-council"
  - "merchant-risk-council-presentation"
  - "mrcvegas15"
  - "online-fraud-detection"
  - "online-fraud-detection-procedure"
  - "online-fraud-detection-tool"
  - "online-fraud-trend"
  - "online-merchant"
  - "orbitz"
  - "professional-development-and-networking"
  - "western-union"
---

![MRC_Vegas_15(Logo) (1)](images/MRC_Vegas_15Logo-1-e1424453851417.jpg)

MaxMind, the industry-leading provider of IP intelligence and online fraud
detection tools, has been invited to present at the 2015 Merchant Risk Council
(MRC) eCommerce Payments & Risk Conference in Las Vegas. Our co-presenters will
include two of the world’s most prominent eCommerce companies: Orbitz, a leader
in the online travel industry, and Western Union, a global money transfer giant.
MRC’s own Global Director of Programs and Marketing will bring his extensive
industry experience to the presentation as well. Whitepages Pro, one of the
major providers of contact information in North America, will moderate our
lively presentation.

![cropped-cropped-maxmind_logo.png](images/cropped-cropped-maxmind_logo-e1424453285396.png)
![Western Union](images/Western-Union-e1424453215447.png)
![Orbitz](images/Orbitz-e1424453363302.png)
![White Pages Pro](images/White-Pages-Pro-e1424453527304-150x35.png)

## **Manual Review Best Practices** _Learnings from Peak Buying Times in 2014_

We invite you to attend this panel discussion to learn more about best practices
for preparing for, executing and evaluating your manual review processes. You’ll
benefit by hearing specific examples of unique situations and fraud trends that
caused online merchants to alter their tools or procedures. You’ll also have the
chance to review some questionable transactions and engage in discussion about
whether to approve or reject them.

**Mark Your Calendar!** March 24, 2015 1:30 p.m. – 2:15 p.m. PT Aria Resort, Las
Vegas

We hope to see you at the Presentation or just stop by booth #422 and say,
“Hello!”

Contact us today at mrc@maxmind.com to schedule a meeting during the event. We
look forward to seeing you at MRC’s 2015 eCommerce Payments & Risk Conference –
the largest professional development and networking event for eCommerce payments
and fraud professionals in the Americas.
